POST http://127.0.0.1:8000/generate_props
Content-Type: application/json

{
	"text": "Ben Simmons is playing basketball this year. Well, sort of. He is suiting up and showing up- which is more than he could say last year. The stats are absolutely comical around BS10. The average NBA player has an Efficiency Rating of 15. Ben Simmons is 6.9 this year… He is less than half of an average NBA player this season. His turnover percentage, which is how many turnovers are expected per 100 possessions, is 40! He has a Win Share of -0.1. That is basically WAR for the seem heads out there. He has a negative Offensive and Defensive Box Plus/Minus. to put it bluntly: Ben Simmons is terrible. He's terrible as a player and a teammate. This guy came over from Australia has the next great player. His LSU team was a constant disappointment during his only season in Baton Rouge. Actually it wasn't even a full season. He quit on his team before the SEC Tournament because in his words, he didn't grow up wanting to play in the NCAA Tournament. I get that, but wouldn't the guy want to help his teammates accomplish their goals? That was the first red flag, and the basketball world should have taken notice. Then there was how he left Philly. And then there was the playoffs last year where he was healthy enough to play, but just didn't. And not only that, he didn't even show up to the arena as the Nets got swept out of the playoffs. Here are some of the more comical moments through the first 3 games of the year.",
	"link": ""
}